Add August Newsletter (#173)
readthedocs/blog: newsletter-august-2022.rst

.. post:: Aug 17, 2022
   :tags: newsletter, python
   :author: Eric Holscher
   :location: BND

.. meta::
   :description lang=en:
      Company updates and new features from the last month,
      current focus, and upcoming features.

Read the Docs newsletter - August 2022
======================================

> We continue to be excited about the expanded capacity we have with an additional team member.

Reviewer: :heart:

Our focus for July has been around a lot of marketing and positioning, 
trying to better understand how our customers view our product,
and work with them to use it well.

We also had our `12th birthday <https://twitter.com/readthedocs/status/1559575996558221312>`_ just before publishing this newsletter. 🎉

New features
------------

We've continued building a number of features and bug fixes in our roadmap:

> - We have more **Example projects**, which allow users to `get started quickly`_ with our products. We shipped an example for JupyterBook this month, which is of growing interest to our scientific users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- We have more **Example projects**, which allow users to `get started quickly`_ with our products. We shipped an example for Jupyter Book this month, which is of growing interest to our scientific users.
```

> - We have more **Example projects**, which allow users to `get started quickly`_ with our products. We shipped an example for Jupyter Book this month, which is of growing interest to our scientific users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We have more **Example projects**, which allow users to `get started quickly`_ with our products.
We shipped `an example for Jupyter Book <example_jb>`_ this month, which is of growing interest to scientific and academic projects.
```

- Scientific users are important for us, so we've put together a `landing page <https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/science.html>`_ that highlights the benefits that our scientific users are seeing. 
- We created a `GitHub action <https://github.com/readthedocs/actions>`_ that allows users to have a link to the Pull Request preview automatically added to the PR description. If users find this useful, we will continue to expand this functionality, and perhaps add it to our core platform so no configuration is needed. 

> - We improved the security and safety of our platform by making sure all invites for a team or project have to be approved by the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We improved the convenience and security of our platform by making sure all invites for a team or project are seen and approved by the invited user.
```

You can always see the latest changes to our platforms in our :doc:`Read the Docs Changelog <readthedocs:changelog>`.

.. _get started quickly: https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/examples.html

> .. _flyout menu: https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/flyout-menu.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _flyout menu: https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/flyout-menu.html
.. _example_jb: https://example-jupyter-book.readthedocs.io/
```

   translation platform with a large documentation project with many
   translations and customized Read the Docs theme. Documentation aimed
   at all segments: users, administrators and developers. Also features
   an extensive Changelog. 
-  `TomoBank <https://tomobank.readthedocs.io/>`__ - a big list of
   tomographic datasets and phantoms, featuring especially tables and
   images and maintained by science community.
-  `Uberspace <https://manual.uberspace.de/>`__ - Customized sidebar and
   footer, adding project's branding through custom CSS and HTML to
   ``sphinx_rtd_theme``. Latest version and release date on front page.

.. _Awesome Read the Docs Projects: https://github.com/readthedocs-examples/.github/
.. _opening a Pull Request: https://github.com/readthedocs-examples/.github/blob/main/contributing.md

Upcoming features
-----------------

- We are working on some improvements to our URL handling code, which will allow us to support more flexible URL configurations for projects.
- As mentioned before, we are shifting some of our focus to frontend & marketing these next few months. We're getting close to shipping our new landing page, which we're excited about.

> - We're continuing to focus on outreach for our new build customization features, so that we can continue to improve them with your feedback.

Reviewer 2: Not sure if it's worth mentioning or even where to mention it, but we have better metrics on Metabase about how our users use our platform that will help us to prioritize tasks and create new features.

Author: Yea, that's mostly internal, so probably not too important. Would be neat to do a blog post on it though, and include some of the stats in our yearly stats.

> - We're continuing to focus on outreach for our new build customization features, so that we can continue to improve them with your feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We're continuing to focus on outreach for our new build customization features, so that we can continue to improve them with your feedback.
- Our main theme `sphinx_rtd_theme` will soon be revived after a period of inactivity and we will do a number of smaller releases in Q3 and Q4.
```

> Possible issues

Reviewer 2: We unpin Pillow for some Python versions, https://github.com/readthedocs/readthedocs.org/pull/9473

This could make builds to break --we haven't receive any complain tho, but I think it worth to mention it.
